# 1. About Kiez Burn

# A tiny history of Kiez Burn

Kiez Burn is (in part) inspired by an event called Burning Man in Nevada, USA. Burning Man has a history going back to 1990, when several counterculture movements particularly inspired by dadaist ideas of a "temporary autonomous zones", situationist performance, and a for love for setting things on fire, moved out to the desert. 

Burning Man suffered immense popularity over the years, and it became clear that the ecological environment (and legal climate) of the Black Rock desert in Nevada cannot support the amount of participants that want to attend.

In 2004, Larry Harvey, one of the original instigators, wrote a short document called "The 10 Principles of Burning Man". The idea was to capture the event as it was then, for others to copy and recreate in different locations. 

They were crafted not as a dictate of how people should be and act, but as a reflection of the community's ethos and culture as it had organically developed since the event's inception. It's full of contradictions, capturing the anarchic nature of the event.

The Kiez Burn General Assembly did their own take on the Burning Man principles, recreated below, but it's recommended to read the original [Burning Man Principles](https://burningman.org/about/10-principles/).

# The Principles

There are 11 Principles which build the pillars of our shared experience at Kiez Burn


 1. **Participation** - Kiez Burn is run by volunteers. It can only happen if people get involved. Take on shifts on site, or help us create the magic by joining in the organisation of the event! 

    \
 2. **Radical Self-Expression** - Be yourself! We encourage everyone to express themselves openly in a safe and inclusive environment. Just remember to respect others' boundaries and rights while doing so.

    \
 3.  **Radical Self-Reliance -** Take care of yourself. Bring everything you need for your well-being, both physical and emotional, including food, shelter, and medical supplies.

    \
 4. **No Commerce** - Leave your wallets at home. There's no buying or selling at Kiez Burn, so make sure to come prepared with everything you'll need for the event.

    \
 5. **Leave No Trace** - Leave the site better than you found it. Dispose of your waste properly and carry out all trash and recycling with you when you leave.

    \
 6. **Community** - We're all in this together. Support your fellow participants, handle conflicts with empathy, and work together to create a positive experience for everyone.

    \
 7. **Inclusion** - Everyone is welcome here. We celebrate diversity and strive to create a welcoming environment for people of all backgrounds and identities.

    \
 8. **Gifting** - Give freely. Share your time, energy, and gifts with others without expecting anything in return.

    \
 9. **Communal Effort -** Our community values creative cooperation and collaboration. We strive to produce, promote, and protect social networks, public spaces, works of art, and methods of communication that support such interaction.

    \
10. **Immediacy** - Live in the moment. Make the most of your time at Kiez Burn and embrace the here and now.

    \
11. **Consent** - Respect others' boundaries. Obtain clear and enthusiastic consent before engaging in any activity, and be mindful of personal and others' boundaries at all times.


## Kiez Burn e.V.

Kiez Burn is a non-profit, cultural event that will take place June 23rd - June 29th at Secret Forest, about 1 hour from Berlin.  It celebrates beauty and life in accordance with the [Principles](https://mmm.kiezburn.org/principles) originally created by Burning Man and shaped over the years and in the different burner communities.

Exclusively created by __participants taking roles and shifts__ (principle: Participation, Radical Self-Reliance, Communal Effort), money can not be used on-site (principle: No Commerce, Gifting), which creates an ideal environment for a temporary shared community (Principle: Community), deep connections, and new discoveries (Immediacy**)**. This is not (just) a festival, but more on interaction and interactive ideas, art installations, performances, workshops, and live music (principle: Radical Self Expression, Inclusion). In addition, we are very caring towards one another (principle: Consent) and our environment, and create minimal impact inspired by the "Leave No Trace" principle.

The motto of the event is "Participate, don't spectate". Any money not spent on production goes directly into art grants and scholarships that help participants realize their dreams of creating installations, performances, workshops, spaces, and much more. We believe this synergy and emphasis on community already exists in Berlin and can take a new form during the event.
