# 1. When you get there (arrival times and things to know and do!)

## ==ARRIVAL (GATE)==

==Kiez Burn starts Tuesday 23rd June 2026 at 12:00 (noon). Gate will open at 11:00 am.== 

==On arrival, you will be required to show a GOVERNMENT ISSUED ID, and the name on this ID must match the name your ticket is associated with.==

==You will not be able to drive on site. Parking is approximately 500m from Gate. Be prepared to transport your belongings by foot.==

==If you have a Camper van that you sleep in and want to park it to you Kiez/camp:==

==● You need a Permit -== [==Information in about the Vehicle Permits==](https://wiki.kiezburn.org/s/21a317d1-47f0-4eb4-8786-cf9458a7dc96) ==(deadline 05.06.2026)==

**==For parking area and campers in the Free camping area you do not need a permit ==**

==Once Gate has officially opens on Tuesday 29th July at 11:00 am - no cars will be allowed to drive on site without a permit due to the safety of the participants.== 

==You can only enter Kiez Burn when the Gate is open.==

==The Gate times are:==

==Tuesday June 23: 12:00h - 23:00h==

==Wednesday June 24: 11:00h - 23:00h==

==Thursday June 25: 11:00h - 23:00h==

==Friday June 26: 11:00h - 23:00h==

==If you arrive on the weekend you will need to arrange admittance with security.==

### EARLY ARRIVAL / STRIKE

If you are planning on arriving early to help build Kiez Burn, to build your Kiez, or your art piece, and/or stay longer for Strike (yeah, you hero!) you don't need to be registered for Early Entry/Strike this year. You only need a Kiez Burn ticket, your ID, and health insurance that covers you in Germany. 

Build is from 18-22 June and Strike from 29 - 30 June.

There is no party during build. I repeat, there is no party during build! Valid reasons to be on site:

\- General Build/Strike shifts

\- (De)Constructing your Dream project

\- Building your Kiez


Kiez Burn needs a lot of help to happen! Particularly during Strike. If you are available and haven't yet, please, consider taking a shift.

[Sign up here for a shift](https://signup.com/mobileweb/2.0/vspot.html?groupkey=4415699080106#group_page)

## The Program

The Program provides scheduling information for workshops, events, and activities. Some copies will be available on-site. The website with all of the activities will be sent to everybody in one of the following newsletters and will be made available in the Dust app. In the app you can filter events by theme or location, star your favorites, and even print out a version of the program with your personal picks! 

Until the 22nd of June you can add your event on Dust app. If you have added your event to Dust before 8th of June they will automatically get into the printed program.


\
