# 3. Conduct

:::info
We have a more formal @[Code of Conduct](mention://2523ad28-4749-40da-935a-cbd024af1206/document/b29ece90-6c0d-430b-9100-e718bf41582a)

:::

Kiez Burn is an inclusive event and open to a lot of things, vibes, opinions and so on.

There are however some common ground expectations, and some hard boundaries.\n\nHere are a few examples:

## Do not …. at Kiez Burn

* Take photos without consent (read more about photo policy in our [FAQ section](https://wiki.kiezburn.org/doc/faq-z2ll0PAnPy))
* Die (please)
* Be a bigot. There's no room for sexism, homophobia, transphobia, Islamophobia, antisemitism, and so on and so on.
* Forget to take care of yourself. Take breaks, and set boundaries.
* Party loudly where you're not supposed to party loudly
* Make fire where you shouldn't make fire (like in the forest)
* Cross boundaries, make unwanted sexual advances, and harsh the vibe
* Forget to communicate. Let people know what you're up to, manage expectations, help create a 
* Dig holes without closing them after the burn (this is also LNT!)

## Leave no trace!

There are other events happening at the grounds we're using. You will occasionally find trash like cigarette butts and feathers. Taking care of the environment we're in is deeply ingrained in burn culture, that means we always leave the site nicer than when we came.

**There are no trash cans or recycling on site.** You're expected to **take all the waste you produce with you back home again.**


To help this happen, **do not bring:**

* Feathers, glitter, sequins
  * Anything that falls off your clothes or face does not belong at Kiez Burn
* Excess packaging
  * Remove extra packaging and throw it away at home
* Astroturf
* Styrofoam
* Single-use utensils, cups, plates or other
* Pets or animals
* Anything that'll break off and blow away in the wind
* Explosives, fireworks, flares, rockets, firearms (including BB guns, air rifles and paintball guns)


**Do** bring what to need to make it clean around you:

* Zip-loc bags you can keep on you when you're out and about so you can store your trash.
* Portable ashtrays if you smoke
* Bin bags for your camp
