# 4. Organizing or Joining a Kiez

The central organization at a burn is only there to make the legal and practical frame for camps to exists. The camps are the event. They book the artists, play the music, do the performances, and so on. That's an invitation for you and your friends to bring exactly what you want to see at the event.

Camps at Kiez Burn are called a Kiez/several Kieze, which is German for neighbourhood quarter.

A Kiez usually bring an interactive element that's available to everyone at Kiez Burn. This could be a comfy chillout space, a sound floor and stage, a character themed camp where every member play a certain role, a music space, a theater stage, an artsy makers space, a sex positive space, a children's space, a fun hippie trap space or whatever comes to mind.

Joining a Kiez can be a great experience and enhance the participation principle aspect of Kiez Burn, as well as the community principle aspect. Many hands create more and the right Kiez can not only inspire but push your ideas to the next level.

Kieze often share a kitchen and meal plan, shifts and responsibilities and more. This is however fully up to the Kiez and its members. Rumor has it that some Kieze have regular meetings and excel sheets, while others celebrate anarchism and chaos. One way, the other or somewhere in between - you can chose whatever fits you best.

Find and join your Kiez, create a Kiez or explore all the public spaces of other Kiezes while free camping - the choice is yours.\nYou'll find more info and answers on out [Kieze Connect Channel on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/930739383525572629/1471117339557630088).

More info here: @[Camps / Kieze Corner](mention://917845c5-9fe1-4f48-94b3-b28cd64b61b0/document/6bed8e5f-e855-4765-8392-fe919d551ce1)\n

## Want to start your own camp?

Kieze Realizer Solenne has put together some helpful advice and info on how to organize and run a camp!

👉 [How to run a camp](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VjNKPtNZNoLs7NOpDhAFAb5AWYvrqKSd0V39aO1ywQQ/edit?tab=t.0)


## What is different as a free camper?

As a free camper you will think self reliant. You can / have to organize yourself and are free to roam as you please. There is a dedicated area for free camping.

Important things to consider: 

* **Cooking rules (fire regulations) !!!**  

  To be best prepared jump on this [channel](https://discord.com/channels/930739383525572629/1373688832901513388), and read 👉 [here](https://discord.com/channels/930739383525572629/1393566113048035411). 

  No discord or need more info on cooking and fire regulations?
  * [Cooking](https://wiki.kiezburn.org/doc/1-preparing-food-1lbhpPrmbh)
  * [General fire rules](https://wiki.kiezburn.org/doc/2-general-advice-u9W8sYEdVo)\n
* **Shower and toilets**

  We got toilets and there are some showers plus the sauna shower. However, as usual, be self reliant. Bring bio degradable soap and wet wipes to best prepare for any situation!

  \
* **LNT (Leave no trace)** 

  This is important, camp or no camp. Everything you bring, you must take back. Yes, everything. More info on LNT and Strike (what you should do when leaving) 👉 [here](https://wiki.kiezburn.org/doc/6-leaving-kiez-burn-L1l8RoIjdj).\n
* The other camps often have a public and a private area. As a free camper you are welcome to roam but please respect camp rules and private spaces.
  * Which facilities to find at Kiez Burn you can learn 👉 [here](https://wiki.kiezburn.org/doc/4-on-site-facilities-and-services-O1sJkNBpEc).


\
