# 1. Getting there

Kiez Burn is reachable by train, car, and bicycle.

# Directions

The site (Secret Forest) is located at **Flugplatzweg 6, 14913 Niedergörsdorf**


:::info
📍If you come by car use this address for navigation

*Niedergörsdorfer Allee*

*14913 Niedergörsdorf*

:::

Google Maps: https://maps.app.goo.gl/2EJgDdpWB7WFf7c47

Coordinates: 51.994309, 13.000614

Coordinates for early entry: 51.99824, 12.991371

## Transportation

Transport account for over 80%  of our environmental footprint. Public transport and ride-sharing one of the most powerful ways to reduce emissions

### Public Transportation

Trains are available to two nearby stations. Organize a lift to camp either via private taxi or on the ride-share platforms above. Taking your bike is another great option!

From Berlin HBF and Berlin Südkreuz there are Trains leaving once per Hour. The trip takes 45 minutes from HBF and 40 minutes from Südkreuz.

● [Altes Lager](https://goo.gl/maps/25sCfEMKPcz) –  the clostest Station at 3km distance, after getting to Jüterbog you need to take an additional Train or Bus, then you can get to site with a small hike or on bike from here

● **[Jüterbog](https://maps.app.goo.gl/qBKodv76ejzSPvKd6)** – the closest town at 5km distance. So not too far if you want to come by bike. 

> ***Reduce the burn - public transport or ridesharing, do your bit for this beautiful burning planet***

From Leipzig you can also take an S-Bahn to Jüterbog 

### Ride sharing

Organise rideshares with other Burners on Discord in the ride share channel:

* **⁠🚘 [Ride share](https://discord.com/channels/930739383525572629/1505105195627970680)**

### Campervan Permits

If you are staying in the freecamping area you don't need a permit.

If you are part of a camp and want to park your camper van to your camp area you have to apply for a permit through your camp lead. The applications are open until 5 June 2026. Required details: 

> Please list all the vehicles in your Kiez as a list:\n*<Licence Plate Number (or "not known"), Last Name, First Name, Phone Number with the county code>*

\nAll information about the onsite vehicle permits here: @[Vehicles Onsite](mention://8ba7a793-0dbd-4c1e-8643-2db3e63a53fc/document/952bb4a2-155d-4e42-bf3a-8cfd5c4a64a0)

### Taxis

A taxi from Altes Lager will cost approximately 10 Euro. From Jüterbog, it will be around 22 Euro. These rates are likely non-negotiable by regional law. All the below mentioned taxi companies know where the location (Flugplatzweg) is, and understand some basic English. For special requests you should have German speakers in your group. It's best to call ahead and reserve a taxi, especially in the evening hours, to avoid long wait times.



:::info
Taxi phone numbers:

* Taxi Reich (has 7-seaters): +49 3372 406097
* Taxi Range: +49 3372 401359
* Taxi Woschek: +49 177 9365759

:::

> Please use [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/930739383525572629/1242855863857713232) to coordinate joint rides
