# 2. What to bring

Getting ready for Kiez Burn means packing smart to ensure you **have a great time, stay safe, and respect the community and environment**. Here's a breakdown of what you need:

## Enough to get in

* **Official, government-issued photo identification**
  * The name on this ID **must match the name on your ticket**
  * You cannot use someone else's ticket and you can't buy one at the gate. You can use [ticket exchange](https://discord.com/channels/930739383525572629/1491180707622424646) channel on discord to find a ticket if someone's selling.

    \
* **A downloaded copy of your ticket QR code.**
  * To make the gate line go swift
  * We can look up your name if you forget it but you are helping thankful volunteers if you just bring it

    \
* **Health insurance**
  * Have your German health insurance card, European EHIC card, or travel insurance details just in (worst) case

    \
* **A [vehicle pass](/doc/vehicles-onsite-m2dRWVKkkm)** if you're planning on sleeping in a van inside the inner perimeter 

## Enough to not die

* **A place to sleep**
  * Tent, camper, or other shelter
  * Sleeping bag or duvet rated for 0–10°C (check weather forecast)
  * Sleeping mat, air mattress, or cot — sleeping on bare ground isn't recommended

    \
* **Fire extinguisher - at least one per camp**
  * needs to be placed close to where you cook or if you don't cook then in your communal area with a sign


* **Food to feed yourself for a week**
  * If you're part of a Kiez, they might have a meal plan, ask your Kiez if unsure
    * You should still bring enough snacks and extras for yourself
  * If you're preparing your own food make sure to check out the ["Preparing Food"](https://wiki.kiezburn.org/doc/1-preparing-food-1lbhpPrmbh) section! As a free camper please also check the **fire regulations** before the event to see how you can heat up and cook your food (camping stoves are not always allowed, depending on temperatures and Waldbrandstufe)

    \
* **Two water containers**
  * Water is available aplenty on site
  * You need one to collect your grey-water to dispose of it in the right place

    \
* **Trash bags**
  * Everything you bring in, you bring out!
    * That includes plastic wrapping and food waste
    * Have enough bags to be able to seal it up

      \
* **Earplugs**
  * It can never be completely quiet (to know more, check the sound protocol)
  * Consider bringing different ones for sleep and dance floors

    \
* **Small waste container for when you're on the move**
  * A zip-loc bag works for most waste, but find something solid if you smoke
  * There are no bins on site! You're responsible for all your waste!



:::warning
⚠️ **Cooking Rules Vary by Location!**

\nFire safety regulations are different depending on whether you're in free camping, in the forest, or out in the open.


👉 ==Read the full cooking & fire safety guide here== to make sure your setup is allowed.

:::

## Enough to thrive

### Good food

Be a good self reliant burner and don't rely on your camp kitchen (if you have one). Bring snacks und treats and easy meals for times where you might need them.


### Your go bag

Every festival pouch, backpack or utility belt is different - depending on your very own needs. Here are a few onbody-puch or big in-tent-stay-backpack suggestions in no real order that have been useful to burners in the past:\n

* A cup and carabiner to clip it on 
* Carabiners in general
* Water bottle(s) or containers
* Rope, a pen, duct tape (if you don't need it, someone will)
* Extra pegs for windy tents
* Lighter(s)
* Lollipops, gum, sweets
* Extra Blankets and fluffy warm things for the nights, maybe even a hot water bottle
* Underwear and socks. Even if you're not planning on wearing it, always good to have a pair or two
* Towels and Bathrobes for sauna
* Power bank (for lights and things, leave the phone at home and live the immediacy if you dare…)
* Watch (if you need to know the time, it keeps the phone away…)
* Lights lights light and especially a headlamp (red light is extra good for your dark vision)
* Bio degradable soap, dish washing liquid,  shampoo and toothpaste (LNT!)
* Costumes, Gadgets, Hippie Traps, Fun Things, Flow Things, Things To Play With … You get the idea.
* The things from above (enough to not die)
* Earplugs
* Sleeping mask
* First Aid kit
* Umbrellas
* Portable ashtray
* Sunscreen
* Mosquito/Tick Spray
* Safer Sex Supplies
* Anti-allergic drugs - after treatment for mosquito and/or horsefly bites
* Camp chairs/inflatable furniture/hammocks
* Extension cords and power strips
* Solar powered lights

  …. to be continued 

### Clothing and outfits

Burns are celebrating diversity, creativity and … YOU. Your radical self expression is what we want to see. That's jeans and a plain shirt? Awesome, we love it. Or is it a sparkly and shiny robe, fishnet onesie, leopard print, harness, a huge cape or some LED costume? We also love it. Naked all burn? we love it. 

Be yourself. Bring your favorite things to wear and trust we will love it, no matter if you wear it in the office all day or are a bit shy to finally wear it in public. As always the radical self expression also needs awareness and consent to balance. If being yourself includes homophobic or racist slogans on your shirt, you might want to reconsider if this event is for you. If you're into visibly sex-positive, kinky outfits, we do love that but suggest to check if everyone around you is also okay with that (kinky costume at Kinderkiez, maybe less radical self expression in form of a less sexy outfit or rather 10 meter further, you get the idea, no need to explain further, go be sexy somewhere where people are of an age to consent fully).

Giving (consentual and aware) compliments is a true skill and we also love that. Please keep in mind that not every self expression neccessarily needs or wants comments though. If in doubt, asking before commenting is best.

And last but not least: we do love glitter and feathers (and other attachable things) but they quickly become MOOP (matter out of place) and are therefore against our LNT principle. So we don't REALLY love them. Yes, that also includes most bio degradable glitter. Find glitter that doesn't leave a trace and we will love you even more.


### Health and hygiene

Drink enough water

Don't forget to eat

Don't wash your hair in the sauna shower (we know, it's tempting)

Some camps have showers and some are even open to all. There will also be possibilities on site in general. Baby wipes are also great. And our toilets are the best ever thanks to all of our shit ninjas and the best community ever. I mean it. Find better toilets at a week long event, i bet you can't.

For serious injuries (please don't die, safety third) we will have first aid on site. We also have Welfare. If you're not feeling well, find a ranger, someone with a radio, go to welfare or ask a trusted person for support.


### A lovely home for the week

Tarps, Pillows, Deco, Lights, Fabric in your favorite colour, a comfy tent/bed, incense and good smelling things …. SO MUCH MORE. 

You know best what you need to feel at home. Get creative and make the sentence "Welcome Home" true.


## OTHER USEFUL INFOS ON WHAT TO BRING AND CONSIDER

### SMOKING

In line with the principle of Leave No Trace, smokers should take care of their cigarette trash in an eco-friendly way, such as carrying a portable ashtray, and be respectful to the site and other participants. Smoking is forbidden in all enclosed spaces.

### TRASH BAGS

Please ensure you bring adequate rubbish and recycling bags. Please take responsibility for your own mess and set a good example for others - this is a LEAVE NO TRACE event.

### CARBON FOOTPRINT and SUSTAINABILITY

There are numerous ways you can learn how to reduce your CO2 Emissions during the burn. One is the burn prep itself, most notable by ridesharing or using public transportation. Secondly, consider trying a vegan or vegetarian diet at the burn (and always). Click here to learn more about what you can do in your planning to reduce CO2 emissions.

### COOKING KIT

Water receptacles, pots, pans, biodegradable dish soap, snacks, and storage containers are all welcome. Open fires of any kind are NOT allowed without pre-registering a kitchen AND sticking to the fire safety guidelines as described above.  Please plan your meals accordingly!


:::warning
==In the forest no open fire will be permitted outside of specific kitchen huts and containers.==

==This includes gas cookers!==

:::

### SOAP

**All soap should be biodegradable** to prevent contamination in the groundwater. We recommend a biodegradable soap such as Dr. Bronner's. It can be used for your body and your dishes. See more about greywater in the LNT section.

### SLEEPING

There are no sleeping facilities on site - everyone should bring a tent, sleeping bag, sleeping mat, air mattress, and things to light and decorate their space.

Camper vans are allowed but are limited, and cannot be moved once on site.

### ==SOUND==

==This year we have a plan for sound levels. Please have a look so you can know when to sleep well. If you want to bring any kind of sound to the event, please refer to the General Advice - sound section further down.==

### TOILETRIES

Your standard toiletries: toothbrush, **biodegradable** toothpaste, **biodegradable** soap, shampoo, lip moisturizer, wet wipes, condoms, gloves, safer-sex equipment, menstruation hygiene products, prescription medication, contact lenses, hand sanitizer, toilet rolls, sunscreen, towels, ear plugs, first aid kit, and mosquito spray.



:::tip
[Here is a list](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zRMsn3C5MiGvMzHzJuPFKs3zfOkYyKdIF6qYotNlf8Q/edit) of biodegradable body care products, please help us to expand it! 

:::


**SPECIAL NOTE ON TICKS**: The site has lots of open fields and tall grass. Bring tweezers or a tick-removing tool so that you can self-care if bitten.

### CLOTHING

It can get cold at night - but can also be hot during the day, with occasional rain and resulting mud.

● Coats/jackets/gloves – decorative and protective

● Hats & sunglasses – decorative and protective

● **Sturdy boots for uneven ground** + any rusty nails that happen to be around site

● Other fun costume items.

A torch or headlamp is a minimum requirement to make you visible at night. Other items may include el-wire, blinky flashers, glow bling, etc


:::warning
**LOOSE GLITTER, SEQUINS, AND FEATHERS ARE MOOP AND NOT PERMITTED AT KIEZ BURN!**

:::

### GIFTS

It's wonderful to bring small gifts to share with the community. They can be things you have made, food, drinks, experiences, art, and music.
