# 4. On-site facilities and services

## I==nfo Point==

==Nearby the Gate-Area you can find an Info Point.==

==There you will find Informations on things such as:==

* Open shifts to be filled
* The Event Program - including ways to advertise spontaneous workshops 
* ==A Map for Food leftovers available to Free campers== 
* Firesafety information? Harm reduction information? 
* Information on Kiezburn affiliated events like Burn Night
* Find people for the ride home

Sometimes you might meet some volunteers, ready to answer some questions or to point you the right way.

## Rangers

Rangers are a 24/7 volunteer-run operation for safety matters, focused on participant well-being for when things move beyond what can reasonably be expected under radical self-reliance.

Trained volunteers will be walking around the site, and are available to deal with any concerns you may have. They can also provide information on welfare services. You can recognize them by their cool vests with an "R" on the back. If you think you or anyone around you may need medical assistance, or if you see people behaving in a way you feel is dangerous, notify a member of the Rangers team.

Please consider signing up for a shift! We are currently missing A LOT of highly important Ranger Shifts!!


:::tip
==📞 **Emergency Walkie Talkie**==


==Located right in front of the Rangers HQ, the emergency walkie talkie is available for you to call the Rangers in case you need them.  🚨🛡️==


:::

## First aid

We will hire a professional first aid company. They are from Berlin, professional paramedics, and will help us in need from Wednesday till Sunday around the clock. The first aid company is experienced with raves and burns and is bound by law to not share your personal information with other institutions. Please help them help you by providing any and all information relevant to your situation.

If you or someone next to you is experiencing a medical emergency Do not call 112.

This would create a lot of hassle for the whole organization team. You can find First Aid close to the gate (together with welfare) or contact them remotely by approaching anyone with a radio (rangers, site lead, etc) or walking into any Kiez. Each Kiez will have a direct phone number to call them and a first-aid kit.

Please remember to be self-reliant and bring your own first aid supplies such as bandages, disinfectant, and basic painkillers, as our professional team is hired to treat the more serious cases.

We ask all camps to provide a Standard first aid kit to their members (stored in the kitchen for example). As every car is by law required to have one, it should be easy to just use one of those and place it during the event somewhere central.

In case you need a pharmacy the nearest town is Jüterbog. The closest clinic with  24h emergency services is a bit further in Luckenwalde.



:::info
● **Pharmacies** - the nearest ones are in Jüterbog. There are 4 to choose from, two open on Saturday until noon the weekend:

 

**Mönchen Apotheke,**  

Mönchenstraße 5, 14913 Jüterbog +493372 - 40 24 37


**Mohren-Apotheke,**

Markt 7-8, 14913 Jüterbog +493372401625


If you need a pharmacy after closing time or on Sunday please check [Apotheken-notdienst](https://www.aponet.de/apotheke/notdienstsuche/niederg%C3%B6rsdorf/%20/5)


● **Clinics**: 

**KMG Klinikum Luckenwalde**

Saarstraße 1, 14943 Luckenwalde +49 33 71 – 69 90 


:::

## Welfare

The Welfare Space will offer a sober safer space to recollect yourself 24 hours a day, whether you need a quiet space, some interpersonal support, or just a cup of tea, shadow, or warmth during the night.

Welfare will be open at any time to people in stressful conditions related to substances, weather conditions, and social stress (or others of any kind), allowing them to seek and find calmness, rest, and also peer-to-peer support (if needed). The space will be open to everybody, even if you just want to relax and take it easy. Be welcome! 

Welfare is located next to the gate. Greeters will show you our space when you enter the burn.

There will also be mobile Care Bears wandering around, approachable and recognisable (they will have bear ears, furry vests and welfare pins). Care Bears have specific training in harm reduction & support and authentic relating. They will be here to help you. Please go see them if anything is bothering you.

## Safer Use

The Safer Use space will be accessible throughout the event to share resources and offer educational workshops aimed at helping burners make informed decisions on safer substance, sex, and interpersonal practices - based on health and harm reduction principles. Whatever you choose to do at Kiez Burn, we hope to contribute towards your safety and well-being by providing education and information if you seek it!

## Water

Kiezburn provides water to its participants at multiple points across the site. 

No hoses can be connected to the dedicated water stations, so please plan to transport water to/from your Kiez or tent.

Please always carry a water bottle with you to stay hydrated.

## Toilets

There will be toilet facilities located around the site (they will be indicated on the map). All toilets are compost toilets. This means that the only things that will go into the toilet are the 3 Ps: Pee, Poop, Paper, and wood shavings. ==pissoirs?== The wood shavings will be located next to each toilet cluster. NO wet wipes, sanitary items, tampons, plastic, or any other objects please (there will be a bin provided for these items). Each compost toilet will be stocked with toilet paper. After you have finished your business; lift the toilet seat, throw in the wood shavings provided to cover your 3 Ps, close the lid and hand sanitize. Each toilet cluster is looked after by a bunch of wonderful ShitNinja's from the Kieze. Please see the rota in each toilet cluster to identify and notify the responsible ShitNinja / camp if you need help with the toilets. When there is a problem with a toilet (lack of paper/hand sanitizer, wood shavings, etc), or if the toilet is almost full please contact the nearest ShitNinja before the problem becomes critical! If you think the toilet should be deemed out of order, please use one of the available 'out of order' signs on the door of the troubled toilet. Human feces is toxic and can cause serious illness. Please don't poop anywhere other than the toilets provided! Please remember the 11 Principles and look after our Kieze.


:::info
==There is one disability friendly toilet and shower cubicle.  For details on how to have it accessible to you ask your camp lead or at the info point==

==(Details not settled as of yet)==

:::

## Showers

There will be 20 showers located on site, to the south of the Gate. The water goes directly into the ground so please wash without soap or with a very good eco-friendly product such as Dr. Bronner's.

To build your own shower in your camp, use a wood pallet to avoid walking on the muddy ground. Dig a small trench to drench the water somewhere out (in the bushes, not in your next-door Kiez!) and let it be absorbed by the earth.

**If you are planning to have propane heating for your own shower, have a 6kg ABC fire extinguisher nearby! Allow for safe mounting of the heating to prevend it from falling over. Don't place the heating indoors (or inside tents) to prevend from carbon monoxide intoxication!**

## Pools

Kieze are welcome to bring small swimming (paddling) pools to Kiezburn this year to compensate for the lack of lakes. But there are some requirements:

Figure out how to keep the water clean (or be okay with dirty water after a while) and dispose of it properly (ecologically and without MOOP)

Cover the Pool at night Put up a sign saying:

> **"USE AT OWN RISK"**

DON'T use when under the influence Max. 2 people per pool


:::tip
There is a Lake in 15km distance from the site in Treuenbrietzen    → 2 stops away by train

:::


\
