# 5. Disclaimer

# The Law

All participants are reminded that they are bound by the local and national laws of Germany. Please check the local laws before you leave home.

Kiez Burn does not condone illegal drug use and strongly advises against individuals taking risks with their health. Please bear in mind the limited medical support on-site before you consider placing yourself at risk. Although there are many volunteers in place to assist you, in the end, you are responsible for your own safety and your actions.

Please be safe, be smart, and have lots of fun!

# General Disclaimer

ATTENDEES AGREE AND COMPLY WITH ALL TERMS LISTED HERE:

* The ticket holder ("You") voluntarily assumes all risks & dangers, including personal or bodily injury or death, property loss & damage, which may occur by attending Kiez Burn.
* The ticket holder agrees that Kiez Burn e.V., associated agents & the facility owners are not responsible or liable for any damages, injuries, or claims arising from the use of this ticket and you will hold Kiez Burn e.V. harmless from any claims arising from the use of this ticket.
* No exchange or refund if the event is terminated early or canceled due to harsh weather, fire, acts of God/nature, governmental regulation, or other actions beyond Kiez Burn e.V. control.
* A ticket needs to be purchased with the ticket holder's full legal name as per passport / national ID card. No physical ticket is issued, a legal ID will be required for entry to the event.
* Taking pictures or videos in public areas is generally not allowed, to protect the privacy of our guests. The only exceptions are the special photo booth and photographers selected by the Kiez Burn e.V. Consent is always a requirement.
* Ticket holder understands that German law applies to all legal relations between them and the organizer Kiez Burn e.V. following their participation in the event. ​
