# Meeting notes 2026-06-08

* \[RR\] Do I buy a random collection of general spices? For sure Salt and Pepper and such, but anything else?
  * Rene will do rounding to the best of his ability
  * Do I buy \~50 portions of pasta and pesto? Or if pesto is too expensive, maybe pasta + garlic + passata?
    * Yes 50 portions

(From last time)\nTO SPEAK ABOUT NEXT MEETING : 

* \[RR\] What do we do if volunteers do not show up?
  * Take over the shift ourselves?
  * Ask Rangers to spontaneously recruit potential volunteers while they are doing the rounds?
  * Go to nearby camps and ask for help?
  * Make an emergency meal and hope it only happens once? I think emergency meal was something like Pasta with Pesto?
  * The person whose name is on the meal, is responsible in some way, e.g. doing it themselves or getting spontaneous volunteers

  \
* how to find more volunteers ? should we sign up ourselves ? 
  * Can we get a special callout for volunteers to sign up
* Final Clarity on who gets meals, how many etc.
  * During build all realisers get all meals. This is around 65 people
  * During build volunteers, independent of their specific shift: 
    * If it is early they get breakfast and lunch
    * If it is later shift they get lunch and Dinner
  * During the Burn
    * 8 people from Security
    * 3 people from First Aid
    * Vouchers for late night ranger and welfare, 5 each per day. Not every day. They get 5 vouchers that they can use for *one* meal.
  * During Strike
    * All Realisers 
    * Same as build for volunteers
* Aufbau / Build questions from May
  * Who is coming when:
    * Rene: 
      * Come Thursday
      * Will be available for kitchen on Friday mostly and other days not 
    * Mitzy:
      * Going "Friday afternoon" exact time not up to her
      * Trying to be there before 3pm
      * Will have camp shifts, but during times when not will be with Production Kitchen
    * May:
      * Coming Thursday not sure when, late afternoon / early evening
      * Will be fully in Production Kitchen
      * First focus to get lunch for friday ready, and then can do other stuff
    * Bianca: 
      * Come on Saturday as soon as possible. Works late on Friday, but will try to get stuff prepped before
      * Will mostly be available for Production Kitchen on Saturday.
      * Sunday - Tuesday will help with camp and build, but might be available some times
* \[RR\] Handling leftovers from kitchen and camps
  * Label leftovers with date and be very clear with what it is
  * Try to distribute closed cans etc.
  * RR: I want to make sure camps don't just dump their stuff with us
* Also general safety and stuff -
  * Bianca made note that people are sober enough to cook
  * Signs where the First Aid is
  * Put something under cutting board so it does not slip
* Which signs do we have to make? What needs to be printed?
  * Rules on who gets food (Bianca writes this)
  * Recipe book
  * Kitchen Safety Advice
  * Signage for Fire Extinguisher
  * Big Sign for Production Kitchen
    * Bianca will try but can't guarantee. Otherwise try to do it on site
  * Cheatsheet for tent 
    * @[Build Resources](mention://3c508036-6c75-4d08-9c3d-73ec67508178/document/d85d0280-07f7-4720-be07-fb3b70b61eb1)[https](https://wiki.kiezburn.org/doc/build-resources-K5rrsjyBsp)[://wiki.kiezburn.org/doc/build-resources-K5rrsjyBsp](Resourceshttps://wiki.kiezburn.org/doc/build-resources-K5rrsjyBsp)
  * Volunteer Intro Checklist (cocreate)
* Recipe Writing Deadline Monday (15th) evening
  * Mitzy will print
* First Grocery Shopping
  * Rene will handle it
  * May will buy fresh ingredients for Friday Lunch and Dinner
  * Rene will make Shopping list for May and one for the rest of build for fresh ingredients
